hey there it's bill Weston
barbecuetricks.com everybody loves a
good bratwurst good cookout bratwurst
are pretty easy but the big thing you
need to remember is the insides of a
bratwurst are raw sausage round meat so
you're going to want to cook the sausage
up to the correct temperature unlike a
steak or any other meat unlike the guys
that they're usually cooked along with
their distant cousin the hot dog pretty
much cooked already you can eat them raw
and be fine these you got to get them up
to temperature and I found three
different ways that you can do just that
brats can be made out of beef veal or
pork one where you're using are the most
common in the states here labeled all
premium pork on the packaging but
bratwurst is an old German name derived
from throt which is finely chopped meat
and Wurst which means sausage brats are
almost like cheese there's so many
different varieties 40 different
varieties if you want to go online and
look them up but it basically it's raw
sausage so you got to get it cooked and
the most basic way is going straight to
the grill for a lot of people it's fine
you may want to brush it with a little
light coating of oil before you hit the
grill it can help a little crisp texture
to the casing and you're going to want
to grill over indirect heat for about 15
to 20 minutes it's going to take some
time usually longer than everything else
on the grill is like burger so keep that
in mind
indirect heat which means not directly
over the flames it's going to allow you
to get the internal temperature up a
little slower and I get the sausage hot
enough without over charring the rest of
the broth the other benefit is keeps the
flare-ups down you want the final
product you appear golden brown with an
unbroken skin if you can't I won't worry
too much about that and make sure you
use an instant-read thermometer to make
sure you hit the recommended internal
temperature of 170 degrees or at least
close if it's going to sit around a
little bit longer remember just because
the outside is charred inside may not be
done yet so use the thermometer it's
also coming to precook or par boil the
bratwurst in a pan from the comfort of
your kitchen or use that side burner
that you never use on the grill just add
one or two inches of your favorite beer
into a pan over medium heat add the
sliced onions maybe some peppers and the
brats bring it to the lowest possible
simmer that you can you don't want to
boil it you don't want to rupture the
skins of the brats by getting the liquid
to
hot cook it for about six to eight
minutes and then you get to finish it
off on the grill like you did in the
first procedure with a shorter grilling
time only three to six minutes that
removes a lot of the worry about the
insides being cooked the third way to
cook these is kind of a combination of
the first two someone once called that a
brats tub I think it's the most fun way
to cook brats simple shallow pan with
the same mixture we just did butter
onions and a beer or two and you put
that pin right there on the side of the
grill also over indirect heat but get it
hot
this gives the brats a little hot bath
after your first grilling step that way
you can keep them cooking always have a
hot broth on handy to pay attention to
the game or socializing and also
eliminate some of the worry about it not
cooking long enough you don't have to
hover over the grill as much a couple
other pointers use tongs never a fork
you don't want to prick the casing that
would diminish the juiciness of the end
product and also could cause a big
flare-up and if you even want to add a
lick of smoke even to a gas grill you
can toss in a foil smoker pouch full of
wood chips under the grate before
cooking it's real easy you can see how
we do it on the website if you like this
video
we appreciate it if you subscribe rate
and comment on iTunes YouTube even
Facebook and for tips tricks and other
fun stuff head over to WWE